Doc update pass (#968)
project-oak/oak: docs/abi.md

Three specific sets of integer values are also used in the ABI:

- Many operations take a `u64` **handle** value; these values are Node-specific
  and non-zero (zero is reserved to indicate an invalid handle), and reference
  one half &ndash; read or write &ndash; of a particular

>   [channel](concepts.md#channels).

Reviewer: I like that clarification :)

## Exported Function

> Each Oak Web Assembly module must expose at least one **exported function** as a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each Oak WebAssembly module must expose at least one **exported function** as a
```
